bytesize nf-core modules patch (#1592)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/events/2023/bytesize_modules_patch.md

---
title: 'Bytesize: nf-core modules patch'
subtitle: Phil Ewels - Seqera Labs
type: talk
start_date: '2023-03-07'
start_time: '13:00 CET'
end_date: '2023-03-07'
end_time: '13:30 CET'
location_url:
  - https://kth-se.zoom.us/j/68390542812
---

# nf-core/bytesize

Join us for our **weekly series** of short talks: **“nf-core/bytesize”**.

Just **15 minutes** + questions, we will be focussing on topics about using and developing nf-core pipelines.
These will be recorded and made available at <https://nf-co.re>
It is our hope that these talks / videos will build an archive of training material that can complement our documentation. Got an idea for a talk? Let us know on the [`#bytesize`](https://nfcore.slack.com/channels/bytesize) Slack channel!

## Bytesize: nf-core modules patch

> Did you ever come accross the issue that you need non-nf-core or modified custom modules, but then linting complains when you put them anywhere logical? This is waht `nf-core modules patch` was created for. To hear more, join us for this weeks bytesize talk with Phil Ewels ([@ewels](https://github.com/ewels))!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Did you ever come accross the issue that you need non-nf-core or modified custom modules, but then linting complains when you put them anywhere logical? This is what `nf-core modules patch` was created for. To hear more, join us for this weeks bytesize talk with Phil Ewels ([@ewels](https://github.com/ewels))!
```

> Did you ever come accross the issue that you need non-nf-core or modified custom modules, but then linting complains when you put them anywhere logical? This is waht `nf-core modules patch` was created for. To hear more, join us for this weeks bytesize talk with Phil Ewels ([@ewels](https://github.com/ewels))!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Have you ever wanted to tweak an nf-core module for your own use? No need to copy / paste and lose the benefits of linting and updates, instead try using the magic `nf-core modules patch` command to keep track of your modifications.

Sounds too good to be true? Join us to hear more at this week's bytesize talk with Phil Ewels ([@ewels](https://github.com/ewels))!
```
